today is a day for truth the world needs
to know what happened and to know what
he stands for that kind of power is very
dangerous
let the record show that this committee
holds him responsible
that's how it starts the fever the rage
of turns good men cruel this bat
vigilantes like a one-man right of
terror you don't get to decide what the
right thing is nobody cares about Clark
Kent taking on the Batman
this means something to all some people
have to all that gives them hope
people hate what they don't understand
be their hero Clark be their angel be
their monument
anything they need you think
won't be none of it
you don't owe this world a thing you
never did
do you know the oldest lie in America
senator Devil's don't come from Hell
beneath us
they come from the sky
20 years in Gotham I made good guys are
left
I'm gonna stay that way he has the power
to wipe out the entire human race
I'm gonna have to destroy him
you're gonna go to war
he is not our enemy
black and blue
God versus man
day versus night
the red capes are coming the red capes
are coming